# Go API client for openapi

An ASP.NET Core API serving the core FilterList information.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://filterlists.com](https://filterlists.com)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import openapi "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://filterlists.com/api/directory*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*LanguagesApi* | [**LanguagesGet**](docs/LanguagesApi.md#languagesget) | **Get** /languages | Gets the languages targeted by the FilterLists.
*LicensesApi* | [**LicensesGet**](docs/LicensesApi.md#licensesget) | **Get** /licenses | Gets the licenses applied to the FilterLists.
*ListsApi* | [**ListsGet**](docs/ListsApi.md#listsget) | **Get** /lists | Gets the FilterLists.
*ListsApi* | [**ListsIdGet**](docs/ListsApi.md#listsidget) | **Get** /lists/{id} | Gets the details of the FilterList.
*MaintainersApi* | [**MaintainersGet**](docs/MaintainersApi.md#maintainersget) | **Get** /maintainers | Gets the maintainers of the FilterLists.
*SoftwareApi* | [**SoftwareGet**](docs/SoftwareApi.md#softwareget) | **Get** /software | Gets the software that subscribes to the FilterLists.
*SyntaxesApi* | [**SyntaxesGet**](docs/SyntaxesApi.md#syntaxesget) | **Get** /syntaxes | Gets the syntaxes of the FilterLists.
*TagsApi* | [**TagsGet**](docs/TagsApi.md#tagsget) | **Get** /tags | Gets the tags of the FilterLists.


## Documentation For Models

 - [FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListDetailsVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListDetailsVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListDetailsVmViewUrlVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListDetailsVmViewUrlVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApiContractsModelsListVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetLanguagesLanguageVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetLanguagesLanguageVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetLicensesLicenseVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetLicensesLicenseVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetMaintainersMaintainerVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetMaintainersMaintainerVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetSoftwareSoftwareVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetSoftwareSoftwareVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetSyntaxesSyntaxVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetSyntaxesSyntaxVm.md)
 - [FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetTagsTagVm](docs/FilterListsDirectoryApplicationQueriesGetTagsTagVm.md)
 - [MicrosoftAspNetCoreMvcProblemDetails](docs/MicrosoftAspNetCoreMvcProblemDetails.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



